Update 07-containers.md (#143)
common-workflow-language/user_guide: _episodes/07-containers.md

~~~
{: .source}

Before we run this, lets just break it down and see what some bits do.  Most of this

> has been explained in previous sections, the only bit that is really new is the docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has been explained in previous sections, the only part that is really new is the `dockerRequirement`
```

section.

~~~
baseCommand: node
hints:
  DockerRequirement:
    dockerPull: node:slim
~~~

`baseCommand: node` tells CWL that we will be running this command in a container. We 

> then need to specify some `hints` for how to run the container.  In this case we list 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then need to specify some `hints` for how to find the container we want.  In this case we list 
```

> just out requirements for the docker container in `DockerRequirements`.  The `dockerPull:`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
just our requirements for the docker container in `DockerRequirements`.  The `dockerPull:`
```
